W-18979392 sftp write mode and write strategy (#2943)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sftp/2.4/modules/ROOT/pages/sftp-documentation.adoc

* OVERWRITE
* APPEND
* CUSTOM_APPEND
* CREATE_NEW |  A `FileWriteMode`.

* OVERWRITE
+

> If the file to be written already exists, then it should be overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the file to be written exists, overwrite it.
```

Reviewer: Writer suggest removing "already", as it doesn't add value, not using "should", and making the second part of the sentence active and more concise. If you agree, this can be applied to all of the sentences here.
